Rarely did he make anything clear.
He was obviously passionate about the material but he could not explain it in a way that I could at all understand.
His test questions are very confusing due to the way they are worded.
The class website was not on D2L but on a website he made himself which is extremely hard to use / follow.
All around this class was very confusing.
The people sitting next to me helped me more than the actual professor.
At the beginning the math page was difficult to navigate.
At the start of class in the beginning of the semester it would be helpful if he gave out handouts for students to follow along with just at the start.
Change the format of the tests.
Give more practice problems that we can go over the next day in class.
Grade on additional things besides just tests.
Have in class review before the in class exams reviewing the purpose of each section and a reminder of the different processes learned.
He needs to speak up and he can be very confusing in how he explains each topic to the point of frustration.
He should actually teach and explain what he is doing and why and how you get the answer.
He shouldn't use shortcuts because some students don't know how he got it.
We need to show our work so he should show us his work and each step to get to the answer.
He also tells the class stories that have nothing to do with math or what were learning in the class though he somehow thinks he's relating it to math.
it is very boring and unrelated to the subject.
Potentially have the homework worth some sort of points so the whole grade isn't exam based.
Speak up a little louder.
Spend a little more time on each subject to make sure it's understood better.
Spend less time on each example problem in order to cover more.
The instructor should consider the idea that sometimes circumstances out of the control of the student arise and it would be appreciated if extensions on deadlines were allowed.
Instructor was less than understanding when life events occurred and a student was unable to submit an assignment on time and indicated that it was not an acceptable reason for an extension.
Treated the class as a business and was very cold personally.
Professor spoke so softly in class that it was difficult to hear what he was saying even when sitting In the front of the classroom.
make more online assignments required.
An updated class website would be a small improvement to the course.
I think that the importance of the history needs to be more stressed for the exam.
Also I do not think it is fair that at best - only half of the class can get an A.
How he grades the course is completely not fair.
It needs to be changed.
I was not a fan of how the final test was graded I feel as though it was an unfair assessment of how we did in the class.
I don't feel like I personally learned enough to justify a semester-long course.
Perhaps add another element to the course for people who already know the basics?.
This is a rare occurrence but I did find myself hung up a couple of times.
Eric Egan was very interested in teaching
I have only missed one class the entire semester I always take notes and I studied extremely hard for every exam! I still was never able to receive an A on an exam which is really upsetting.
I did notice that while information about vision (his specialty) was very organized and clearly presented it seemed like other topics were less so particularly taste and touch.
These topics weren't taught as clearly at first.
My only suggestion would be to split it up into two courses as I sometimes felt rushed with different aspects of the material.
I think the material taught could use a little adjusting.
too bad this isn't really anonymous.
I thought a little too much focus was on cryptographic techniques.
I think the second half of the course covered too many different topics and consequently did not provide enough detail about specific topics to develop a practical understanding of the material.
My only complaint is that at times the workload for the course was a little heavy.
The worst teacher I ever seen
He behaves with students cruely
do not have knowledge of the subject given her to teach
do not take efforts to improve teaching
he does not take any lecture
he gives only assignments.
he only share thoughts not related to subjects
she demotivate us all time
she always tells that this course is of no use.
he motivate us to achieve our goal
he is not good in teaching
He is not interested in taking practicals at all
He never clears our doubts
He do not communicate well
They make others feel dumb
He is arrogant
He behave as he is forced to do this
his classes are boring
he does not speak loudly
he is moody
he is not punctual
