Didn't go too fast.
went through each problem thoroughly.
He gave good examples of the problems.
He gives students the direct questions from the exams as homework questions so you are prepared for what he will ask.
He seemed to care and help out every student in the classroom as apposed to ignoring those not doing so well.
He taught the course very well.
actually found ways to make calculus not super boring.
Was good at doing lots of examples and walking through problems slowly step by step to make sure we understood.
He was very enthusiastic about what he taught.
His feedback to students was terrific and he was genuinely concerned with how students did in the class.
I like his ability to communicate exactly what he thinks.
He took time out to fully memories and was there to meet the students' needs.
The day before any in-class exams McFarland would extend his office hours so that his students could ask him any final questions.
Overall professor McFarland was an amazing professor and really cared for his students.
I liked how the web quizzes / tests were similar to the test / quiz in class.
I liked that the instructor was interactive with the class and he was very enthusiastic about the subject.
I liked that what was on the exams was problems taken from the text.
I also liked how the professor included everybody in class discussions.
I liked the course work and the way he structured tests and quizzes.
I liked the way the exams and practice quizzes were set up.
I also enjoyed the way he taught.
No homework multiple examples for each concept.
Professor was very thorough about what he taught.
Taught very clearly and was transparent about the subject.
The extra information.
The instructor was very intelligent and knew a lot about the subject and the other the other subject the connected to the course.
The online web based quizzes were very helpful and an easy way to prepare for the paper tests and quizzes.
The instructor's website was beneficial.
The professor was very interesting.
The questions shows in class.
The syllabus was accurate throughout the course.
the in class examples were well explained and included the students to participate.
I have no changes to the course.
The instructor is doing a great job.
I liked everything about this course.
More clear lessons.
I enjoyed gaining a greater knowledge and the strategies
I enjoyed the class thoroughly.
I loved that he was always very involved with a lot of things we were doing.
Interesting learning.
It was information I didn't know at all.
It was nice to get to know good things and improve throughout the semester.
The class environment was friendly and condusive to learning.
The professor clearly cared about the subject.
The requirements were clear.
It was exciting course.
The instructor did a wonder job teaching the material and allowed for outside thought to be heard and considered.
He made the course very enjoyable and treated all of his students will respect.
it was a very hands on course.
by being able to practice and not just be taught it really got me interested in and outside of class.
the instructors sense of humor also never failed to brighten up the class and cheer me up.
loved the course.
I think it's just fine as is.
The course felt very geared toward beginners. There's nothing wrong with that as I understand that people are at different levels of experience.
I recommend him because in his class you are always learning new things.
congratulations Ken and thanks for teaching in way different from the rest.
this is something that inspires.
The class was fantastic.
The exams were well made and portioned appropriately.
The instructor was funny knowledgeable and willing to help students.
The class material was splendid and made the class enjoyable overall.
I would strongly recommend this instructor to any other student.
I really enjoyed this class.
I liked the in-class demos / examples to help remember the material.
It was a nice reward for working hard throughout the semester.
I would recommend Eric as an instructor to those looking to take this course.
i enjoyed that eric was pretty funny and tried to keep things interesting and he was very honest when we were going through slides that were boring.
People fight to take this class because Eric teaches it.
The material is hard and so much time has to be put into it in order to do well in the class - but it's worth it.
Being able to go to a class with someone who knows and cares about the material so much is a blessing.
He is the best.
No matter what subject he teaches his class wants to learn.
Give this man a raise.
He's absolutely awesome at teaching but sometimes the course matter seems a little bit rushed.
I thought this class was fantastic.
It was definitely my favorite class this semester.
I thought the course matter was interesting and Eric was a very good teacher.
He was entertaining and engaged and he always communicated things in a clear way.
If he did go through things too fast for some people he would always go back and make sure to clarify any confusion.
He was an awesome professor!! The class was kind of hard but Eric made it entertaining.
He was great.
Exams are hard but class was entertaining.
Eric Egan brings enthusiasm and experience to every lecture that he gives.
He is very approachable and understanding and always keeps an open line of communication with his students.
Eric was very into his class and made it very enjoyable.
He was very knowledgable about the material and although it could be a little bit boring he made it easy to pay attention and grasp the concepts.
By far one of the best instructors I have had.
I wish I could provide constructive criticism but I can't.
Absolutely fantastic.
By far the best teacher I have had here.
He makes you want to come to class to learn about some pretty straightforward material.
I recommend this class to all majors because of his teaching.
I learned a great deal and exams were even challenging and fair to everyone.
He is responsive to emails and questions in a timely manner.
great teacher - great class.
You could tell he genuinely cared about making the material interesting and comprehensible to everyone.
Great attitude about teaching highly recommended.
Professor Egan is one of the best professors I've ever had in my life.
He explains things so well and doesnt move on until students really understand things.
He goes out of his way to help students.
answers emails promptly.
his office hours are very flexible.
holds review sessions.
Another positive is that he was able to easily make dry material interesting because he is so funny.
He has several tricks / stories to help us remember information more easily.
This was one of my favorite neuroscience classes I've ever taken and I owe that to Professor Egan.
Such an amazing lecturer! Definitely deserved the outstanding GTA award.
he is really fair with grading.
Professor Egan is a fantastic instructor.
He does his best to keep the material and learning environment entertaining and interesting.
He always is upbeat and has great chemistry with his students.
The material was well presented and correlated well with the textbook.
I would recommend him for any student interested in the field.
Extremely funny which made class more interesting and I was more willing to attend.
I'm thrilled that I am taking another course with him next semester!.
I adored having Eric as a lecturer! He is a genuinely good scholar who cares a lot about the success of his students.
He was always able to meet with me when I needed to look at my previous exams or talk about something I didn't understand.
He tried his best to make even the most dull information exciting.
Eric you're the best.
I LOVED YOUR CLASS.
Best professor I've had.
his exams were harder than I think they should have been.
Really enthusiastic about material.
Made boring lectures fun.
Wish I could take more classes with him! Great teacher!.
One of the best psych instructors I have had! Eric made the class a lot of fun!.
Instructor Egan was very engaging and made going class fun.
Eric Egan is an AWESOME professor.
He is engaging challenging and obviously loves to teach and cares passionately about his job.
Super amazing guy and teacher.
DEFINITELY would recommend his class to a friend.
Eric managed to make boring material interesting with his wit and jokes while still presenting the material very clearly and in a detailed manner.
He was easily one of my favorite instructors.
I always enjoyed his lectures and you could tell that he really has a passion for it.
Eric is an awesome teacher he really puts in a lot of time and tries to make the material as interesting as possible.
The exams are challenging but fair.
Presented complicated information in an understandable way.
Created a light / fun atmosphere and seemed very knowledgeable in the information.
He's a great instructor and I love his sense of humor.
Great instructor.
Extra credit opportunities were nice as well.
Eric is quite easily the strongest instructor I have had
He communicates information exceptionally clearly and efficiently adds humourand uses relevant examples to make connections between course material and the real world.
I have nothing bad that I can think of to say about his style of and proficiency at teaching.
Eric was a great instructor who knew his shit.
He didn't have a problem fielding questions or spending extra time explaining things.
Class well done.
Eric is an excellent instructor.
He is very approachable and always willing to elaborate on material if a student is confused or needs further clarification on a topic.
Great class i would recommend the course to anyone.
Eric is probably the best instructor I've ever had in a large lecture class.
He made topics interesting and relevant and worked to keep us interested in the course material.
Eric is great about clarifying points and working with students to explain a topic more clearly if needed I always felt like I could approach him for help which is really valuable in an instructor.
Eric was a great teacher.
He encouraged us to not just study the materials from class but also read the book.
He made the not so interesting material tolerable to me personally.
He explained the course material throughly and if students had questions he was flexible to answer them outside of class.
Overall he's a great teacher and I would recommend him.
Eric is a fantastic instructor who did a great job with covering all necessary course material and making it interesting.
His tests were a good representation of material he offered opportunity for improvement through extra credit and truly cared about his student doing well in the class.
I learned a lot in this course and Eric did a phenomenal job teaching it.
I am very glad that he taught my section of the class and I feel I have a solid foundation for other classes pertaining to sensation and perception.
This course was very informative and interesting.
What an amazing professor! "Dave" really did give me some hope about teaching.
again with his enthusiasm and overall commitment to his students; it's a pity I didn't get to take any of his classes earlier in my career.
The materials were exciting and interesting but most importantly the overall extra things he did to make the class great
Cheers to Dave.
I thought the projects were great.
I thought the latter half of the semester was more relevant and interesting.
Security was a VERY interesting class.
Prof Evans was a fantastic teacher and the material was very well covered.
I am very happy that it was offered this semester and that I took it.
Great professor great class.
Highly recommended to all CS majors.
The professor was brilliant and really understood the material.
he was very interested in the material and really tried to impart a sense of importance of the subject to all of us.
Professor Evans was the only professor I had this semester who made an effort to know all of us on a personal level and made lectures relatively fun and interesting.
I really enjoyed the course its structure and presentation.
I learned more than I thought I would.
The course was challenging but the goals for the course were attainable.
By far the best class I have taken so far.
Great class great teacher so much fun.
It's my fault if I fail this class.
This course was by farthe most interesting and best taught course I have taken in my life.
While I am interested in computer security what set this course apart from others was the quality of teaching.
Professor Evans was able to entertain the students while still conveying the information.
In addition to what was presented in class links to additional resources were always provided for students who wanted to investigate a particular subject further than was nessasary for the class.
Finally he was able to make the course even more interesting by addressing current issues.
Evans did a fantastic job with this course.
Although most all of my real learning took place when I tried to tackle his problem sets his lectures were great I would never miss one.
They served to introduce me to the general ideas and also to get me excited about the topic material in general through humor and examples of how it affected me.
He was always very prepared for class.
His assignments encouraged me to think creatively in using what I had gotten from readings and his lectures.
I hope he gets to teach more classes.
I would take them solely because he is the professor.
Great Class rather hard though.
This has been one of the best courses I have taken.
Professor Evans is very knowledgable about computer security and is able to teach it very well.
It was an interesting class.
I'd like to take a follow-up class if one is ever offered.
Evans is awesome.
This course is fantastic.
Evans is a brilliant person and makes us all smarter just listening to him.
His assignments were challenging and original.
They made you think (something other profs have a hard time with) thanks for a great class.
You rock.
The material for the first half of the semester was developed very well and provided a practical knowledge of cryptography.
In summary this class was excellent! You covered a lot of topics (unfortunately some had to be covered quickly) but made them all accessible.
You knew when to lecture when to bring in props and when to bring in guest speakers.
This class was by far and away my favorite this semester.
Oh well I'd still do it over again if I had the chance.
One of the best classes I've taken.
Great class.
Great Teacher.
Highly recommend.
Security was a VERY interesting class.
Prof Evans was a fantastic teacher and the material was very well covered.
I am very happy that it was offered this semester and that I took it.
I learned more than I thought I would.
The course was challenging but the goals for the course were attainable.
Best teacher
The lecturer is excellent
Good explanations by Lecturer
The lectures are very interesting and make me eager to listen. 
The lectures are with real-time examples so I am able to understand better
The clear explanation by lecturer
I like the topic and how it is taught
It is clear and understandble interaction with students
The interesting examples the lecturer made are great and helful
Handouts are useful and clear.
Good lecturer explains things well.
The lecture is interesting
The lecturer explains very well. He tries to break it down so that you understand. I like his lectures
Useful content and good lecturer
Best lecturer
The module id very useful and the teacher is very interesting
The course content is precise and lecturer is very knowledgeable
The lecturer is engaging and keeps us interested in the material
Lectures are very clear and useful to understand the difficult contents of the module. 
Lectures are interesting and relevant
Although the module content is very difficult for me when I read the books the lecturer made it easy to understand.
Lectures are interesting and refreshing and not boring.
The lecturer is friendly and approachable. The content is well suited for novice to advanced student.
The lecturer has a firm grip on the content of the module and presents it is a nice way
Detailed explanations and clarity
The lecturer makes the lectures quite interesting and attractive and the exercise class is very useful
The lecturer is excellent it is the only module that I can't even consider missing!
Very clear and uptodate it has broaden my understanding
The content is relevant and useful it is well presented in an intelligent and interesting manner
I mostly like the fact that the arguments are explained in detail so that people who are interested in the module can get an important contribution to their knowledge
Lecturer is enthusiastic and looks like he enjoys teaching the course
The enthusiastic lecturer - the good content
Good use of examples to illustrate a point
The lecturer clearly understands his subject bit of humour he uses can awaken the class and make the lecture lively
The module as a whole is very well delivered and the lecturer makes it interesting and therefore making a good learning experience
Probably the only module this year that is worthwhile going to. Good examples given not just theory
The professor has a good speaking and teaching style which keeps me interested.
The way the lectures are taught by the lecturer. Everything well explained
Good interaction with the students
The lecturer for this module is excellent and clear in teaching
The actual module content is interesting because the syllabus refers to real world problems and scenarios
Interesting taught well exercise classes really good excellent web support
good lecturer who complements the slides with drawn / worked examples
Very clear and uptodate it has broaden my understanding
The balance between lectures exercises and support material is about right
he possesses the highest level of knowledge on the subject 
The lecturer manages to cover the material in a lively and engaging manner
Well structured. It takes you through the material in a logical order so it is easier to grasp
He is an enthusiastic lecturer very practical and he makes sure we can apply the material
Subject always covered thoroughly and clearly
Information is delivered in a concise and clear way so I can go away and look over the work without worry
Great commitment and a willingness to hear our questions and ideas!
Clear educational and informative class
Good and clear overview of different search tools
Responds professionally to challenging students.
Listens and provides a mature respectful response.
Demonstrates patience and respectful guidance when interacting with students
Builds strong positive relationships with learners
Demonstrates passion and enthusiasm
Stays current with the latest trends and innovations
Demonstrates active listening with learners and colleagues
Demonstrates reliability and consistency with learners
Delivers content within the timeframe allotted and is able to manage time efficiently 
Uses technology in a learning environment with ease
Evaluates the transfer of learning consistently and applies the findings by making changes where appropriate
Smiles and presents a happy positive attitude to learners
Responds with grace and problem solving to criticisms from learners colleagues or management.
Often exceeds the normal expectations of learners and management
Takes great pride in their work and ability to convey information to students that is practical
He is kind and helpful to everyone in the classroom 
teaches clearly both verbally and through writing
offers constructive suggestions to students to enhance their work
encourages students in class
has an impressive understanding and depth of knowledge about his subject
